Add a few supplemental thoughts to OOP Day 1 (#63)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: intro-to-object-oriented-programming/what-is-oop.md

- A class name
  - This name is used as the "data type" name
- **Attributes**
  - An attribute is a piece of data
  - A class definition holding an attribute means we expect this class to hold a specific piece of data
- **Methods**

>   - A **method** is a function that describes behavior or action of a class

Reviewer: With the 'of a class' addition, it sounds better to me to pluralize behavior and action
```suggestion
  - A **method** is a function that describes behaviors or actions of a class
```

Reviewer: If we go with the shorter version (my vote) disregard this.

Author: I don't really understand the plurals here. The idea that one method would have multiple behaviors or actions feels to me like it goes against the Single-Responsibility Principle. But I see how the grammar feels a little funky here.

Author: ...so I'll just put this sentence back like it originally was :)

> - Logic to describe what happens every time the class is used to make an **instance.** (This is called the `__init__` method. We'll see it in action shortly)

Reviewer: Do we need to drop the actual Python syntax here? Maybe just refer to it as the initializer or constructor? Putting the full dunder name here feels premature to me especially as the reader has no context on how to read the name and seems likely to get tripped up by the underscores.

I thought that avoiding forward-loading a detail like this was an intentional decision in the original version?

Author: I feel that. What if we just treated the constructor as a detail we don't even need to mention here, and let it be introduced in a different lesson?

Author: I'm also inclined to make this much less detailed and just say: 
```
Each class definition will have 3 main things:

- A class name
- **State**
- **Behavior**

These are terms we haven't used before but we'll learn more about what **state** and **behavior** mean before the lesson is over.

Reviewer: In principle, I'm down with dropping the mention of the constructor. You're right that it's not mentioned elsewhere in this lesson.  If it weren't for Python's strong recommendation that you set up attributes in the ctor (pylint throws a fit if you don't), I'd say yes, and I'm still there like 99% so I guess my vote is to drop it, and to go with the shortened version. 👍

### State and Behavior

When we start defining our own classes, we will specify their **state** and their generic **behavior**.

**State**, **Attribute**, **Behavior**, and **Method** are all new terms we haven't heard before, but don't be intimidated by them! 

> **State** is just a term that means "all the **attributes** of an object". **Attribute** is really just a specific type of **variable** defined within a class. 

Author: Yeah, I do want to push back on this. In my mind variables and function are vocabulary words. 
What I've added, I don't see as syntax at all. I see it as giving them something they already know so they they can connect what they already know to the new concept we're teaching them. 
**I'm totally on board with teaching syntax after teaching concept.** And I don't believe anything there goes against that. I'd love to get anther opinion from @audreyandoy and/or @beccaelenzil

> **State** is just a term that means "all the **attributes** of an object". **Attribute** is really just a specific type of **variable** defined within a class. 

Reviewer 2: Nah, I like thinking about "variable" and "method" as vocabulary. I'm into it!

> These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime-from the moment we create an instance until the object goes out of scope.

Reviewer: Lifetime and scope are two different concepts.  Objects don't go out of scope. A variable referencing an object goes out of scope. But even then, the lifetime of the object can be much longer.

I prefer the original phrasing of 'until we let the system reclaim its resources,' since it completely sidesteps this quibble.

Also, the original "hyphen" is actually an em dash.  Hard to notice in monospace font, but I restored it in the suggestion here.

```suggestion
These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime—from the moment we create an instance until we let the system reclaim its resources.
```

Author: I still don't fully understand but I'm outnumbered so will assume there's just a gap in my understanding that I hope to learn more about and put it back like you suggest!

Author: So...maybe I shouldn't have done this but when I totally rewrote that all just now, I just removed that whole part because it felt so out of place here and in my opinion is not going to really register with students in such a brief mention.
Would you agree this is more appropriate to talk about this in the creating-instances lesson and drop it here anyway?

> These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime—-from the moment we create an instance until the object goes out of scope.

Author: Do we talk in-depth about garbage collection ahead of this lesson? 
If we do, great! I'll put it back like it was. If we don't, I believe my change helps use the concept of scope that we've already taught them (at least in the pre-course, if not in core) rather than using concepts like reclaiming memory that require a more deep understanding than I'd expect them to have.

> These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime—-from the moment we create an instance until the object goes out of scope.

Reviewer 2: We don't talk about garbage collection in-depth by this point, but we talk about objects in memory (in reasonable depth, as in, we use the phrase "objects in memory") by this point.

I won't die on this hill/I trust what you eventually decided to merge, but *pushes glasses up\* it just comes across as inaccurate/not accurate "enough" to me as a programmer that I couldn't not comment on it.

> These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime—-from the moment we create an instance until the object goes out of scope.

Author: I guess I don't understand why talking about it in terms of scope is inaccurate. That is a totally new concept/argument to me. 
I still feel pretty strongly that talking about it in terms of scope will be much more clear to students, but I'm interested to understand why that is inaccurate.

> These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime—-from the moment we create an instance until the object goes out of scope.

Author: I don't really understand what you're trying to solve with the small edit you're now suggesting either. It also feels less clear to me

> These **attributes** will be kept over the object's lifetime—-from the moment we create an instance until the object goes out of scope.

Reviewer 2: idk, I think what you said makes sense, it's good to go with your suggestion

> **Behavior** describes any actions that objects of this class should be able to do. In other words, **behavior** is just a term that means "all the **methods** of a class". **method** is really just a specific type of **Function** defined within a class.

Author: I can remove "just" but I find this new wording much harder to read, as its using passive instead of active voice.

> **Behavior** describes any actions that objects of this class should be able to do. In other words, **behavior** is just a term that means "all the **methods** of a class". **method** is really just a specific type of **Function** defined within a class.

Reviewer 2: Could we add some flow to it? Possibly

```suggestion
**Behavior** describes any actions that objects of this class should be able to do.

To give classes _behavior_, we define functions inside of a class. A **method** is the name for any function that's defined inside of a class. In other words, _behavior_ is a term that refers to all methods of a class.
```

> **Behavior** describes any actions that objects of this class should be able to do. In other words, **behavior** is just a term that means "all the **methods** of a class". **method** is really just a specific type of **Function** defined within a class.

Author: What do you mean by "flow"? This feels like is flows way less well to me.

> **Behavior** describes any actions that objects of this class should be able to do. In other words, **behavior** is just a term that means "all the **methods** of a class". **method** is really just a specific type of **Function** defined within a class.

Reviewer 2: The phrase "In other words" just feels really abrupt to me in this context? There's one sentence of a definition previously before; if we need to say the phrase "In other words" in the second sentence, could we just change the first sentence?

The phrase "Method is really just a specific type of function" comes across as really odd and abrupt to me-- the first time we use the word "method" in this lesson is in the vocab table, a couple sentences up that says, "don't be intimidated by this vocab," and in the sentence right before it; we don't need to use words to make a reveal about what methods are if we can define it in the sentence before. I get that it's trying to be very comforting, but couldn't we simplify the language and sentences? I feel like this kind of comfort comes across really well conversationally, but comes across as a little bit strange as text.

The flow is very "this is what behavior is. But really, here's a better definition of behavior that includes methods. But you've never heard of methods before, methods are actually just something else, even though you don't have a different definition of methods already."." It feels like the thoughts are trying to one-up each other immediately afterwards. I think that there are different ways to simplify it or to add comforting logic that doesn't feel very "don't give as much weight to the definition presented in the sentence immediately prior because we're going to give a simpler definition." I think that this pattern of giving a definition and then giving a second, summary definition is better for longer pieces, not necessarily one sentence after another; it feels like it emotionally escalates this paragraph to "the sentence before was tough but here's a second better sentence," as opposed to "here are two ways to define this new term"

Open to other suggestions, I just think the current wording adds chaos in one paragraph. The second sentence feels like a reveal to the first sentence if we use "In other words," and the third sentence sounds like someone trying to give a quick definition of methods and say methods aren't a big deal but no plain definition of methods has come up yet here.

### State and Behavior

When we start defining our own classes, we will specify two main things: their **state** and their **behavior**.

> In the context of Object-Oriented Programming, **state** is used to refer to all the variables packaged within a class and **behavior** is used to refer to all the functions packaged within a class.

Reviewer: This is getting a little implementation-specific-y, but given that we need to talk about Attributes and Methods since the vocabulary has been brought up, this little spoiler section feels ok. (It just took me a while of thinking about it to realize that's what I thought!)

### Attributes and Methods

> There are two more words you will often see in the context of OOP: **attribute** and **method**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two more words we will often see in the context of OOP: **attribute** and **method**.
```

> For whatever reason, engineers long-ago decided we needed new words to describe variables and functions that make up a class's state and behavior. 

Reviewer: I almost feel like we need to have a disclaimer here about how engineers like to introduce new terminology so that they have something to call each other out for when we invariably use the wrong term. I love precision as much as the next programmer, and when we're all on the same page, context-specific vocab can be helpful. So maybe I'm ok with the level of whimsy here, but I'd almost like to see it ratcheted up!

> An **attribute** is just a specific type of **variable**: one defined within a class. Similarly a **method** is just a specific type of **function**: one defined within a class.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick:

I'm gonna push to find another word besides "just"! I'd really like "just" to be used for the feeling of "we think students will do more so do _just_ enough." (I wonder if in my previous comment, I contradicted myself and said this usecase "just" was cool?)

I won't "request changes" and I think you're ready to merge, but I'm interested in seeing if you happen to like an alternative:

```suggestion
An **attribute** is really a specific type of **variable**: one defined within a class. Similarly a **method** is really a specific type of **function**: one defined within a class.
```

```suggestion
**Attributes** are a specific kind of **variable**: ones defined within a class. Similarly **methods** are a specific kind of **function**: ones defined within a class.
```

First one: I realize it's replacing "just" with another word that means the same. /shrug. I feel more strongly against "just" than "really" lol.

Second one: I wonder if the "just" can get across by making the sentence a lil more direct about the definition. Also, I'm suggesting the word "kind" bc "kind" usually implies that it's still classified also as a variable/function, where "type" softly implies exclusivity (it's either a function or a method). ("kind vs. type" is not something I feel strongly about)

Author: Love it! There's some funkiness in the second suggestion with singular/plural but I'll adjust it a little and push that up!

> An **attribute** is just a specific type of **variable**: one defined within a class. Similarly a **method** is just a specific type of function **function**: one defined within a class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **attribute** is just a specific type of **variable**: one defined within a class. Similarly a **method** is just a specific type of **function**: one defined within a class.
```

I know that Simon's not a fan of 'just', so maybe drop those too? But I'll let them chime in if they want to.

> These four words (state, behavior, attributes, and methods) aren't introducing anything new, just giving us new ways to talk about things we already know: variables and functions!

Reviewer: rephrase to make it sound a little less *un*important (and avoids a just)
```suggestion
These four words (state, behavior, attributes, and methods) aren't introducing anything new. Instead, they let us talk about things we already know (variables and functions) in a new context (being in a class)!
```

> <img src="../assets/what-is-oop_class-breakdown.png" alt="Class Breakdown" width="800" height="500"/>

Reviewer 2: Just so I'm making sure I'm learning correctly, are you using the `img` tag to get the specific width and height?

If so, I'll keep around `<img src="" alt="" min-width="800"/>` as a template for myself, probably?

Author: Yes, that's exactly why :)
